Update optional-claims-reference.md (#111603)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/develop/optional-claims-reference.md

| `verified_secondary_email` | Sourced from the user's SecondaryAuthoritativeEmail   | JWT | | |
| `vnet` | VNET specifier information. | JWT | | |
| `xms_cc` | Client Capabilities | JWT | Azure AD | Indicates whether the client application that acquired the token is capable of handling claims challenges. Service applications (resource servers) can make use of this claim to authorize access to protected resources. This claim is commonly used in Conditional Access and Continuous Access Evaluation scenarios. The service application that issues the token controls the presence of the claim in it. This optional claim should be configured as part of the service app's registration. For more information, see [Claims challenges, claims requests and client capabilities](claims-challenge.md?tabs=dotnet). |

> | `xms_edov` | Boolean value indicating if the user's email domain owner has been verified. | JWT | | An email is considered to be domain verified if: the domain belongs to the tenant where the user account resides and the tenant admin has done verification of the domain, the email is from a Microsoft account (MSA), the email is from a Google account, or the email was used for authentication using the one-time passcode (OTP) flow. It should also be noted the Facebook and SAML/WS-Fed accounts **do not** have verified domains. For this claim to be returned in the token, requires the presense of the `email` claim.| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `xms_edov` | Boolean value indicating if the user's email domain owner has been verified. | JWT | | An email is considered to be domain verified if: the domain belongs to the tenant where the user account resides and the tenant admin has done verification of the domain, the email is from a Microsoft account (MSA), the email is from a Google account, or the email was used for authentication using the one-time passcode (OTP) flow. Facebook and SAML/WS-Fed accounts **do not** have verified domains. For this claim to be returned in the token, the presence of the `email` claim is required. | 
```

| `verified_secondary_email` | Sourced from the user's SecondaryAuthoritativeEmail   | JWT | | |
| `vnet` | VNET specifier information. | JWT | | |
| `xms_cc` | Client Capabilities | JWT | Azure AD | Indicates whether the client application that acquired the token is capable of handling claims challenges. It's often used along with claim `acrs`. This claim is commonly used in Conditional Access and Continuous Access Evaluation scenarios. The resource server or service application that the token is issued for controls the presence of this claim in a token. A value of `cp1` in the access token is the authoritative way to identify that a client application is capable of handling a claims challenge. For more information, see [Claims challenges, claims requests and client capabilities](claims-challenge.md?tabs=dotnet). |

> | `xms_edov` | Boolean value indicating if the user's email domain owner has been verified. | JWT | | An email is considered to be domain verified if: the domain belongs to the tenant where the user account resides and the tenant admin has done verification of the domain, the email is from a Microsoft account (MSA), the email is from a Google account, or the email was used for authentication using the one-time passcode (OTP) flow. Facebook and SAML/WS-Fed accounts **do not** have verified domains. For this claim to be returned in the token, the presence of the `email` claim is required. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `xms_edov` | Boolean value indicating whether the user's email domain owner has been verified. | JWT | | An email is considered to be domain verified if it belongs to the tenant where the user account resides and the tenant admin has done verification of the domain. Also, the email must be from a Microsoft account (MSA), a Google account, or used for authentication using the one-time passcode (OTP) flow. Facebook and SAML/WS-Fed accounts **do not** have verified domains. For this claim to be returned in the token, the presence of the `email` claim is required. | 
```
